TINY-8534: Add transparent prop to dialog iframe component (#7683)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Improved
- New `transparent` property for `iframe` dialog component #TINY-8534

### Changed
- The `end_container_on_empty_block` option can now take a string of blocks to split when pressing Enter twice #TINY-6559
- The default value for `end_container_on_empty_block` option has been changed to `'blockquote'` #TINY-6559

### Fixed
- Dialogs will not exceed the window height on smaller screens #TINY-8146
- Text alignment could not be applied to `pre` elements #TINY-7715

> - Preview and Insert Template dialogs display correct content backgorund in dark skins #TINY-8534

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Preview and Insert Template dialogs display the correct content background color when using dark skins #TINY-8534
```

- Dialogs will not exceed the window height on smaller screens #TINY-8146
- Text alignment could not be applied to `pre` elements #TINY-7715

> ### Improved

Reviewer: The `Improved` section should be above the `Changed` section and below the `Added` section.

> - New `opaque` prop for `iframe` dialog component fixes an issue in Preview and Insert Template dialogs with dark skins #TINY-8534

Reviewer: This is really 2 changelog entries. We should add one for the new property and one for the preview/template dialog fixes.

Also as a side note, we shouldn't be using short hand in changelogs (e.g. `prop` should be `property`).

Author: Ok, I was having issues fitting it into one entry but did not know if it’s fine to have to entries for one task :) Should new property be under `Improved` and dialog fix is under `Fixed` then?
